Review all the request sections (except batch operations) (#4167)
telefonicaid/fiware-orion: doc/manuals/orion-api.md

(i.e. mutually exclusive) with their corresponding exact matching parameters, i.e. `idPattern` with `id` and
`typePattern` with `type`.

> _**Request query parameters**_

Author: To avoid confusion with ###-sections, which have a similar rendering. Adding italics makes more different.

Reviewer: NTC

| `values`    | when used, the response payload uses the `values` simplified entity representation. See [Simplified Entity Representation](#simplified-entity-representation) section for details.                                |
| `unique`    | when used, the response payload uses the `values` simplified entity representation. Recurring values are left out. See [Simplified Entity Representation](#simplified-entity-representation) section for details. |

_**Request headers**_

| Header | Optional | Description | Example |
|--------|----------|-------------|---------|
| `Fiware-Service` | ✓ | This header describes the tenant. More info ... | `organization-name` |

> | `Fiware-Service-Path` | ✓ | This header describes path or subservice. More info ... | `project-name` |

Reviewer: serviceparth

| `values`    | when used, the response payload uses the `values` simplified entity representation. See [Simplified Entity Representation](#simplified-entity-representation) section for details.                                |
| `unique`    | when used, the response payload uses the `values` simplified entity representation. Recurring values are left out. See [Simplified Entity Representation](#simplified-entity-representation) section for details. |

_**Request headers**_

| Header               | Optional | Description                                                                                    | Example   |
|----------------------|----------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------|
| `Fiware-Service`     | ✓        | Tenant or service. See subsection [Multitency](#multitenancy) for more information.            | `acme`    |

> | `Fiware-ServicePath` | ✓        | Service path or subservice. See subsection [Service Path](#service-path) for more information. | `project` |

Author: ```suggestion
| `Fiware-ServicePath` | ✓        | Service path or subservice. See subsection [Service Path](#service-path) for more information. | `/project` |
```

Apply the same change to all cases.

Reviewer: Fixed in https://github.com/telefonicaid/fiware-orion/pull/4167/commits/7c052338831711718a02ee98c0b861790adb0de5

}
```

_**Request headers**_

| Header | Optional | Description | Example |
|--------|----------|-------------|---------|
| `Content-Type` | | MIME type. Required to be `application/json`. | `Content-Type: application/json`|
| `Fiware-Service` | ✓ | This header describes the tenant. More info ... | `organization-name` |

> | `Fiware-Service-Path` | ✓ | This header describes path or subservice. More info ... | `project-name` |

Reviewer: servicepath
/project

> | `Fiware-Service-Path` | ✓ | This header describes path or subservice. More info ... | `project-name` |

Reviewer: organization: acme
... project

#### Retrieve Entity Attributes [GET /v2/entities/{entityId}/attrs]

This request is similar to retrieving the whole entity, however this one omits the `id` and `type`
fields.

Just like the general request of getting an entire entity, this operation must return only one
entity element. If more than one entity with the same ID is found (e.g. entities with
same ID but different type), an error message is returned, with the HTTP status code set to

> 409 Conflict.

Author: This paragraph has not been moved to the payload or responde code section, but I think it is already covered in "Error Responses" section by this part:

> Ambiguity due to the request may refer to several resources, e.g. attempt to update an entity providing only its ID and several entities with that ID exist, results in `TooManyResults` (`409`).

Reviewer: I would leave the first paragraph, which describes the request in a really concise way

```
This request is similar to retrieving the whole entity, however this one omits the `id` and `type`
fields.
```

Reviewer: Probably is a good idea to keep the warning of the second paragraph under the second bullet point in Response code section, since requests using the path `/v2/entities/{entityId}/attrs` are more error prone because the entity type is not provided

Author: > I would leave the first paragraph, which describes the request in a really concise way
> 
> ```
> This request is similar to retrieving the whole entity, however this one omits the `id` and `type`
> fields.
> ```

You are right. My removal was too aggressive :) Please recover it

Reviewer: > I would leave the first paragraph, which describes the request in a really concise way
> 
> ```
> This request is similar to retrieving the whole entity, however this one omits the `id` and `type`
> fields.
> ```

This part was restored

> Probably is a good idea to keep the warning of the second paragraph under the second bullet point in Response code section, since requests using the path `/v2/entities/{entityId}/attrs` are more error prone because the entity type is not provided

This idea was dropped

| `append`    | Force an append operation.                                                                                                                         |

_**Request headers**_

| Header               | Optional | Description                                                                                    | Example            |
|----------------------|----------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------|
| `Content-Type`       |          | MIME type. Required to be `application/json`.                                                  | `application/json` |
| `Fiware-Service`     | ✓        | Tenant or service. See subsection [Multitency](#multitenancy) for more information.            | `acme`             |
| `Fiware-ServicePath` | ✓        | Service path or subservice. See subsection [Service Path](#service-path) for more information. | `project`          |

_**Request payload**_

The request payload is an object with the attribute information following the JSON representation for attributes described in 

> [JSON Attribute Representation](#json-attribute-representation) and [Partial Representations](#partial-representations) section.

Author: The /attrs operations are not using the attribute payload described "JSON Attribute Representation" but entity representation without `id` and `type`, more in this style:

> The response is an object representing the entity identified by the ID. The object follows
the JSON entity representation format (described in [JSON Entity Representation](#json-entity-representation) section and
side [Simplified Entity Representation](#simplified-entity-representation) and [Partial Representations](#partial-representations) sections),
but omitting `id` and `type` fields.

Reviewer: Note that the description specifies that it just contains **attribute information**, since it is an update.

Reviewer: Resolved after a Skype call

_**Request query parameters**_

| Parameter  | Optional | Type   | Description                                                                                                               | Example       |
|------------|----------|--------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------|
| `type`     | ✓        | string | Entity type, to avoid ambiguity in case there are several entities with the same entity id.                               | `Room`        |
| `metadata` | ✓        | string | A list of metadata names to include in the response. See [Filtering out attributes and metadata](#filtering-out-attributes-and-metadata) section for more detail. | `accuracy`    |

_**Response code**_

* Successful operation uses 200 OK.
* Errors use a non-2xx and (optionally) an error payload. See subsection on [Error Responses](#error-responses) for
  more details.

_**Response payload**_

The response is an object representing the attribute identified by the attribute name given in the URL contained in the
entity identified by the ID. The object follow structure described in the 

> [JSON Attribute Representation](#json-attribute-representation).

Reviewer: Add partial representation

Author: ```suggestion
[JSON Attribute Representation](#json-attribute-representation) (and side [Partial Representations](#partial-representations) section)
```

| `type`     | ✓        | string | Entity type, to avoid ambiguity in case there are several entities with the same entity id. | `Room`        |

_**Request headers**_

| Header               | Optional | Description                                                                                    | Example            |
|----------------------|----------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------|
| `Content-Type`       |          | MIME type. Required to be `application/json`.                                                  | `application/json` |
| `Fiware-Service`     | ✓        | Tenant or service. See subsection [Multitency](#multitenancy) for more information.            | `acme`             |
| `Fiware-ServicePath` | ✓        | Service path or subservice. See subsection [Service Path](#service-path) for more information. | `project`          |

_**Request payload**_

The reques payload is an object representing the attribute identified by the attribute name given in the URL 
contained in the entity identified by the ID. The object follow structure described in the 

> [JSON Attribute Representation](#json-attribute-representation).

Author: ```suggestion
[JSON Attribute Representation](#json-attribute-representation) (and side [Partial Representations](#partial-representations) section).
```

_**Response code**_

* Successful operation uses 200 OK.
* Errors use a non-2xx and (optionally) an error payload. See subsection on [Error Responses](#error-responses) for
  more details.

_**Response headers**_

* If attribute value is JSON Array or Object:
  * If `Accept` header can be expanded to `application/json` or `text/plain` return the value as a JSON with a
    response type of application/json or text/plain (whichever is the first in `Accept` header or
    `application/json` in case of `Accept: */*`).
  * Else return a HTTP error "406 Not Acceptable: accepted MIME types: application/json, text/plain"
* If attribute value is a string, number, null or boolean:
  * If `Accept` header can be expanded to text/plain return the value as text. In case of a string, citation
    marks are used at the beginning and end.
  * Else return a HTTP error "406 Not Acceptable: accepted MIME types: text/plain"

_**Response payload**_

The response payload can be an object, array, string, number, boolean or null. Further information about the complete attribute representation 

> described in the [JSON Attribute Representation](#json-attribute-representation) section.

Author: ```suggestion
described in the [JSON Attribute Representation](#json-attribute-representation) section (and side [Partial Representations](#partial-representations) section).
```

> The response payload can be an object, array, string, number, boolean or null. Further information about the complete attribute representation 
> described in the [JSON Attribute Representation](#json-attribute-representation) section.

Author: ```suggestion
The response payload can be an object, array, string, number, boolean or null with the value of the attribute.
```

I think the reference to "JSON Attribute Representation" doesn't apply in this case, as `type` and `metadata` are not included in the response payload.

The request payload is the new attribute value.

_**Request URL parameters**_

Those parameter are part of the URL request. They are mandatory. 

| Parameter  | Type   | Description                          | Example    |
|------------|--------|--------------------------------------|------------|
| `entityId` | string | Id of the entity to be updated.      | `Room`     |
| `attrName` | string | Name of the attribute to be updated. | `Location` |

_**Request query parameters**_

| Parameter  | Optional | Type   | Description                                                                                 | Example       |
|------------|----------|--------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------|
| `type`     | ✓        | string | Entity type, to avoid ambiguity in case there are several entities with the same entity id. | `Room`        |

_**Request headers**_

> * If the request payload MIME type is `application/json`, then the value of the attribute is set to

Author: I think this fragment (this bullet and the next one) should be moved to the "Request payload" section, as actually they are describing payload aspects.

Reviewer: Fixed here https://github.com/telefonicaid/fiware-orion/commit/407453f9bbed05ad88353b101eef90c3ee273faa

> The payload MIME type in the request is specified in the `Content-Type` HTTP header.

Author: ```suggestion
```

Given the new section "Request headers", I think this is not needed.

| Header               | Optional | Description                                                                                    | Example            |
|----------------------|----------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------|

> | `Content-Type`       |          | MIME type.                                                                                     | `text/plain`       |

Author: ```suggestion
| `Content-Type`       |          | MIME type. Either `application/json` or `text/plain`.                                                                                    | `text/plain`       |
```

]
```

#### Create Registration [POST /v2/registrations]

Creates a new context provider registration. This is typically used for binding context sources
as providers of certain data.
The registration is represented by a JSON object as described at the beginning of this section.

_**Request headers**_

| Header               | Optional | Description                                                                                    | Example            |
|----------------------|----------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------|
| `Content-Type`       |          | MIME type. Required to be `application/json`.                                                  | `application/json` |
| `Fiware-Service`     | ✓        | Tenant or service. See subsection [Multitency](#multitenancy) for more information.            | `acme`             |
| `Fiware-ServicePath` | ✓        | Service path or subservice. See subsection [Service Path](#service-path) for more information. | `project`          |

> _**Request payload** 

Author: ```suggestion
_**Request payload**_
```

_**Request URL parameters**_

This parameter is part of the URL request. It is mandatory. 

| Parameter        | Type   | Description                          | Example                    |
|------------------|--------|--------------------------------------|----------------------------|
| `registrationId` | string | Id of the subscription to be updated | `62aa3d3ac734067e6f0d0871` |

_**Request headers**_

| Header               | Optional | Description                                                                                    | Example            |
|----------------------|----------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------|
| `Content-Type`       |          | MIME type. Required to be `application/json`.                                                  | `application/json` |
| `Fiware-Service`     | ✓        | Tenant or service. See subsection [Multitency](#multitenancy) for more information.            | `acme`             |
| `Fiware-ServicePath` | ✓        | Service path or subservice. See subsection [Service Path](#service-path) for more information. | `project`          |

> _**Request payload** 

Author: ```suggestion
_**Request payload**_
```
